release: v1.57.0 (#6169)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_simon_replatform_introspection.md

### Remove legacy schema introspection ([PR #6139](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6139))

Schema introspection now runs natively without involving JavaScript code. We have high confidence that the two implementations return matching responses based on differential testing: fuzzing arbitrary queries against a large schema, and testing a corpus of customer schemas against a comprehensive query.

> In Router YAML configuration:
> 
> * The `experimental_introspection_mode` key is removed, `new` is now the only behavior
> * The `supergraph.query_planning.legacy_introspection_caching` key is removed, the behavior is now similar to what was `false`: introspection responses are not part of the query plan cache but instead in a separate, small, in-memory only cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes to the router's YAML configuration:

* The `experimental_introspection_mode` key has been removed, with the `new` mode as the only behavior in this release.
* The `supergraph.query_planning.legacy_introspection_caching` key is removed, with the behavior in this release now similar to what was `false`: introspection responses are not part of the query plan cache but instead in a separate, small in-memory—only cache.
```

> Migrations ensure that existing configuration files will keep working.

Reviewer: @SimonSapin does this mean the router supports existing config files with these removed keys automatically? Or do users need to do manual migration steps of removing/updating them?

> Migrations ensure that existing configuration files will keep working.

Author: ```suggestion
If using these configuration options, automatic configuration migration will ensure that existing configuration works with no breaking changes, though updates would be necessary in the next major version of the router.  To simplify major upgrades, we recommend reviewing incremental updates to your YAML configuration by comparing the output of `./router config upgrade --config path/to/config.yaml` to your existing configuration.
```
